---
description: >-
  Explore the $DETF Token Ecosystem: Capturing profit generated by the funds,
  offering staking rewards, liquidity boosts, and tiered benefits for engaged
  investors.
---

# Tokenomics

## $DETF Token

<table data-column-title-hidden data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th>TOKEN NAME</th><th data-hidden>$FUND</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Token name: DETF</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Ticker: $DETF</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Chain: Polygon </td><td>POLYGON</td></tr><tr><td>Max Supply : 100,000,000</td><td>100,000,000</td></tr><tr><td>ICO Date : Q4 2024</td><td>2025</td></tr></tbody></table>

## **High-Level Overview**

The "DETF" token is designed to encapsulate and leverage the value generated by Earlyventures.com’s diversified crypto ETF. It operates through a smart contract that imposes a 20% performance fee on earnings that surpass the fund's previous high watermark. This fee mechanism ensures that the token's value is tightly aligned with the fund's success, as it directly influences token economics by integrating revenue back into the ecosystem.

### **How the Token Captures Value**

1. **Performance Fee**: A 20% performance fee is charged on the fund’s earnings above the high watermark, creating a direct link between the fund's success and the token's intrinsic value.
2. **Revenue Distribution**:
   * **80% Liquidity** :  90% of the collected performance fees in USDT are used to strengthen the DETF/USDT liquidity pool on DEX, increasing buying pressure and enhancing the token's price stability.
   * **20% Staking Rewards**: The remaining 20% is distributed to token stakers, rewarding their loyalty and long-term commitment to the ecosystem.

### **Benefits for Token Holders**

* **Staking Incentives**: Holders who stake their tokens receive significant rewards from the performance fees, fostering a robust holder community and financial ecosystem stability.
* **Indirect Investment Exposure**: Holders benefit from exposure to a diverse portfolio managed by the index fund, without the need to directly purchase or manage individual assets.

### **Tiered Membership for Token Holders & Stakers**

The VIP Tier System provides escalating benefits based on the level of investment and engagement in the ecosystem:

<table><thead><tr><th width="137">Tier</th><th>Condition</th><th>Benefits</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Bronze</td><td>Hold 200 DETF or stake 100 DETF</td><td>10 free monthly transactions</td></tr><tr><td>Silver</td><td>Hold 1000 DETF or stake 500 DETF</td><td>Includes Tier 1 benefits, plus priority customer support</td></tr><tr><td>Gold</td><td>Hold 10,000 DETF or stake 5,000 DETF</td><td>Includes all lower tier benefits, plus exclusive investment opportunities, VIP networking events, unlimited transactions, and API access</td></tr></tbody></table>

This tiered system not only encourages deeper engagement and investment but also ensures that the most active and invested members receive substantial rewards and opportunities, enhancing their overall experience and satisfaction with the "DETF" ecosystem.

